
Can you do the same thing with the following data, replacing questSubCategory with

Global quests
  Quest all Beggars Have
    Angrenor Once-Honored
    Brenuin
    Degaine
    Dervenin
    Edda
    Lucia HF
    Narfi
    Noster Eagle-Eye
    Silda the Unseen
    Snilf
    Svari

Global quests
  Quest all Drunks Have
    Cosnach
    Degaine
    Embry
    Karl
    Ranmir
    Razelan
    Torbjorn Shatter-Shield

Global quests
  Rare Gifts
    Brand-Shei
    Captain Aldis
    Lami
    Rustleif
    Siddgeir
    Torbjorn Shatter-Shield
    Ysolda

Global quests
  Some Light Theft
    Dengeir of Stuhn
    Malur Seloth
    Stands-In-Shallows
    Brenuin







Creation Club quests

Forgotten Seasons	
  Runoff Caverns	
  The Reach

The Dwarven Crown	
  Runoff Caverns	The Reach

The Dwarven Horse	
  Runoff Caverns	
  The Reach


Conflicting quests

Quest name
Conflict
Effect

Quest name: The Forgemaster's Fingers	
Conflict Reason: Any quest which grants the player blood-kin status
Effect: The Forgemaster's Fingers is only offered to players lacking blood-kin status. Most quests completed for any orc grants blood-kin status, rendering this quest unable to be completed.


The Straw that Broke	
Dark Brotherhood contract: Kill Narfi	
As soon as you start Kill Narfi, you will be unable to start or complete The Straw that Broke.


Hearthfire: Build your Falkreath home	
Dark Brotherhood contract: Kill Helvard	
Killing Helvard may make it impossible to raise Siddgeir's disposition enough to sell you a plot of land in Falkreath. This can be overcome if at any time the Stormcloaks take over and replace Siddgeir as Jarl, otherwise you miss out on a house and some achievements/trophies. You must side with the Stormcloaks to trigger this, for more details see the Civil War article.


The Spiced Wine	
Bound Until Death	
Initiating quest 2 will render it impossible to complete quest 1.


Blood on the Ice	
Mourning Never Comes	
During quest 2, you are given an extra reward for killing Nilsine Shatter Shield. Doing this will cause her mother to kill herself. This can cause a fair amount of problems with quest progression, so it is best to complete quest 1 first.

Mourning Never Comes	
Lost to the Ages	
During quest 2 you are required to trek through Raldbthar, where Alain Dufont lives. If you kill him before starting quest 1, you cannot obtain the bonus reward in that quest. Fortunately, he is never hostile, unless provoked, so you can simply bypass him.

Kill the Bandit Leader for Ahtar	
Lights Out!	
During quest 2 you are required to trek through Broken Oar Grotto, where Captain Hargar lives. If you kill him before starting quest 1, you will never be able to start that quest and be unable to recruit a potential follower.

The Taste of Death	
Civil War	
If Markarth is handed to the Stormcloaks, quest 1 is nullified.
Compelling Tribute (Stormcloaks)	Civil War	If Markarth is handed to the Stormcloaks, quest 1 is nullified.

Delayed Burial	
With Friends Like These...	
Completing quest 2 will nullify quest 1.
Season Unending	Civil War	Completing the Civil War questline for either side (Imperial or Stormcloak) will nullify quest 2.